Sid Meier's Civilization VI is a turn-based strategy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turn-based_strategy 4X video game developed by Firaxis Games 
and published by 2K. The mobile and Nintendo Switch port was published by Aspyr Media.
The latest entry into the Civilization series, it was released on Windows and macOS in 
October 2016, with later ports for Linux in February 2017, iOS in December 2017, Nintendo 
Switch in November 2018, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in November 2019, and Android in 
2020.
Similar to previous installments, the goal for the player is to develop a civilization from an 
early settlement through many in-game millennia to become a world power and achieve one
of several victory conditions, such as through military domination, technological superiority,
or cultural influence, over the other human and computer-controlled opponents. Players do
this by exploring the world, founding new cities, building city improvements, deploying 
military troops to attack and defend themselves from others, researching new technologies
and civics advancements, developing an influential culture, and engaging in trade and
negotiations with other world leaders.

The game features several civilizations not featured in previous incarnations of Civilization,
while many returning civilizations have new capitals or new leaders. A critical design focus
was to avoid having the player follow a pre-set path of improvements towards their civilization
which they had observed from earlier games. New to Civilization VI is the use of districts
outside the city center to house most of the buildings. For example, a campus district must be
built in order to house science-based buildings. Other new features include research on the
game's technology tree based on nearby terrain, a similar technology tree for cultural
improvements, and a better government civics structure for those playing on a cultural victory
path. There are also new artificial intelligence mechanics for computer-controlled
opponents, which include secret goals and randomized engagements to disrupt an otherwise
stable game.
The game received generally positive reviews upon release, and it was awarded Best Strategy
Game at The Game Awards 2016 and Stategy/Simulation Game of the Year at the 20th Annual
D.I.C.E. Awards. The game's first major expansion, Civilization VI: Rise and Fall, was released
in February 2018. A second expansion, Civilization VI: Gathering Storm, followed in February
2019, and a season pass, the New Frontier Pass, in May 2020. An additional expansion, the
Leader Pass, was released from November 2022 until March 2023.
Civilization VI is a turn-based strategy video game in which one or more players compete 
alongside computer-controlled AI opponents to grow their individual civilization from a small
tribe to control the entire planet across several periods of development. This can be
accomplished by achieving one of several victory conditions, all based on the 4X gameplay
elements, "eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, and eXterminate". Players manage a civilization of their
choice and develop their technology, culture, and government structure between ancient
times and the near future. They found cities and grow them through the creation of mines,
farms, and other improvements, while simultaneously exploring the randomly-generated
world and encountering other civilizations and barbarians. Players have the ability to trade
and manage peaceful diplomatic relations with other civilizations or alternatively go to war
through the use of military force. The standard edition introduced eighteen civilizations and
nineteen leaders:

Catherine de Medici of France, working with a strong spy network
Cleopatra of Egypt, creating a trade network both internally and internationally
Frederick Barbarossa of Germany, receiving military benefits, especially against city-states
Gandhi of India, focusing on peace and faith
Gilgamesh of Sumer, working on a friendly expansion game, forming alliances against mutual enemies
Harald Hardrada of Norway, a naval power wrecking enemy coasts
Hojo Tokimune of Japan, creating districts quickly and close together
Mvemba a Nzinga of the Kongolese, receiving bonuses to religious relics, sculptures, and artifacts
Pedro II of Brazil, getting bonuses from rainforests, as well as unique happiness producing districts
Peter of Russia, a civilization benefiting from tundra tiles, as well as a strong faith game
Philip II of Spain, a naval religious power creating strong naval fleets and armadas in the early game
Qin Shi Huang of China, focus on build of early era wonders
Saladin of Arabia, juggling both faith and science for a unique way to victory
Teddy Roosevelt of America, creating massive empires focusing on natural beauty
Tomyris of Scythia, an early game cavalry force.
Trajan of Rome, focusing broadly between growth and domination
Victoria of England; another naval power, suited to expand over multiple continents
Greece had two leaders, Pericles and Gorgo; both working on culture in different ways. Pericles using city states, and Gorgo using military.
Similar to previous Civilization games, each civilization comes with at least one unique unit 
(often one associated closely with the civilization in a historical sense, though not always with 
the leader), as well as another unique benefit such as an improvement, building, or a second 
unique unit. One major change between Civilization V and Civilization VI is that both leaders 
and civilizations have a benefit. The Greeks, regardless of leader, can produce the Hoplite https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hoplite (as 
a spearman replacement), and Acropolis (as a theater square replacement), and receive 
Plato's Republic for an extra policy slot. However, Greek leader Gorgo utilizes a combat-based 
ability to generate culture while her Greek counterpart, Pericles, seeks the same culture boost 
by employing a leader ability that is more diplomatic, winning over City-States with envoys.
The Aztecs, led by Montezuma I, was a pre-order DLC until becoming free to all players on January 19, 2017.
Civilization VI builds upon the general gameplay of Civilization V, including continuing the use 
of the hex-based grid introduced in Civilization V. New to Civilization VI is the idea of "city 
unstacking": some improvements to cities must be placed in the hexes in the bounds of the 
city but not within the city's space itself, whereas in previous games, all improvements were 
considered stacked on the same map hex or square that the city was located in. The player 
must assign specific hexes as "districts" in the city, which have certain limitations but grant 
bonuses for improvements placed in that district.
